c:\Users\Marcel\Desktop\Ing De Software En la Practica\ing-software-en-la-practica\BackEnd\ObligatorioISP\ObligatorioISP.WebAPI\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ObligatorioISP.WebAPI.deps.json
c:\Users\Marcel\Desktop\Ing De Software En la Practica\ing-software-en-la-practica\BackEnd\ObligatorioISP\ObligatorioISP.WebAPI\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ObligatorioISP.WebAPI.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\Marcel\Desktop\Ing De Software En la Practica\ing-software-en-la-practica\BackEnd\ObligatorioISP\ObligatorioISP.WebAPI\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ObligatorioISP.WebAPI.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\Users\Marcel\Desktop\Ing De Software En la Practica\ing-software-en-la-practica\BackEnd\ObligatorioISP\ObligatorioISP.WebAPI\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ObligatorioISP.WebAPI.dll
c:\Users\Marcel\Desktop\Ing De Software En la Practica\ing-software-en-la-practica\BackEnd\ObligatorioISP\ObligatorioISP.WebAPI\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ObligatorioISP.WebAPI.pdb
c:\Users\Marcel\Desktop\Ing De Software En la Practica\ing-software-en-la-practica\BackEnd\ObligatorioISP\ObligatorioISP.WebAPI\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ObligatorioISP.BusinessLogic.dll
c:\Users\Marcel\Desktop\Ing De Software En la Practica\ing-software-en-la-practica\BackEnd\ObligatorioISP\ObligatorioISP.WebAPI\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ObligatorioISP.DataAccess.Contracts.dll
c:\Users\Marcel\Desktop\Ing De Software En la Practica\ing-software-en-la-practica\BackEnd\ObligatorioISP\ObligatorioISP.WebAPI\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ObligatorioISP.DataAccess.dll
c:\Users\Marcel\Desktop\Ing De Software En la Practica\ing-software-en-la-practica\BackEnd\ObligatorioISP\ObligatorioISP.WebAPI\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ObligatorioISP.Services.Contracts.dll
c:\Users\Marcel\Desktop\Ing De Software En la Practica\ing-software-en-la-practica\BackEnd\ObligatorioISP\ObligatorioISP.WebAPI\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ObligatorioISP.Services.dll
c:\Users\Marcel\Desktop\Ing De Software En la Practica\ing-software-en-la-practica\BackEnd\ObligatorioISP\ObligatorioISP.WebAPI\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ObligatorioISP.DataAccess.Contracts.pdb
c:\Users\Marcel\Desktop\Ing De Software En la Practica\ing-software-en-la-practica\BackEnd\ObligatorioISP\ObligatorioISP.WebAPI\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ObligatorioISP.DataAccess.pdb
c:\Users\Marcel\Desktop\Ing De Software En la Practica\ing-software-en-la-practica\BackEnd\ObligatorioISP\ObligatorioISP.WebAPI\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ObligatorioISP.Services.Contracts.pdb
c:\Users\Marcel\Desktop\Ing De Software En la Practica\ing-software-en-la-practica\BackEnd\ObligatorioISP\ObligatorioISP.WebAPI\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ObligatorioISP.Services.pdb
c:\Users\Marcel\Desktop\Ing De Software En la Practica\ing-software-en-la-practica\BackEnd\ObligatorioISP\ObligatorioISP.WebAPI\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ObligatorioISP.BusinessLogic.pdb
c:\Users\Marcel\Desktop\Ing De Software En la Practica\ing-software-en-la-practica\BackEnd\ObligatorioISP\ObligatorioISP.WebAPI\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ObligatorioISP.WebAPI.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Marcel\Desktop\Ing De Software En la Practica\ing-software-en-la-practica\BackEnd\ObligatorioISP\ObligatorioISP.WebAPI\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ObligatorioISP.WebAPI.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\Marcel\Desktop\Ing De Software En la Practica\ing-software-en-la-practica\BackEnd\ObligatorioISP\ObligatorioISP.WebAPI\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ObligatorioISP.WebAPI.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\Marcel\Desktop\Ing De Software En la Practica\ing-software-en-la-practica\BackEnd\ObligatorioISP\ObligatorioISP.WebAPI\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ObligatorioISP.WebAPI.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Marcel\Desktop\Ing De Software En la Practica\ing-software-en-la-practica\BackEnd\ObligatorioISP\ObligatorioISP.WebAPI\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ObligatorioISP.WebAPI.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\Marcel\Desktop\Ing De Software En la Practica\ing-software-en-la-practica\BackEnd\ObligatorioISP\ObligatorioISP.WebAPI\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ObligatorioISP.WebAPI.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Marcel\Desktop\Ing De Software En la Practica\ing-software-en-la-practica\BackEnd\ObligatorioISP\ObligatorioISP.WebAPI\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ObligatorioISP.WebAPI.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\Marcel\Desktop\Ing De Software En la Practica\ing-software-en-la-practica\BackEnd\ObligatorioISP\ObligatorioISP.WebAPI\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ObligatorioISP.WebAPI.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\Marcel\Desktop\Ing De Software En la Practica\ing-software-en-la-practica\BackEnd\ObligatorioISP\ObligatorioISP.WebAPI\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ObligatorioISP.WebAPI.dll
c:\Users\Marcel\Desktop\Ing De Software En la Practica\ing-software-en-la-practica\BackEnd\ObligatorioISP\ObligatorioISP.WebAPI\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ObligatorioISP.WebAPI.pdb
